---
title:  'CP476 Project: Tic Tac Toe<br>(project proposal template)'
author: Cole Hanniwell, Einstein Oyewole, Nick Dyer
date: 2021-03-22
---

## Introduction

General description and rationals of your project. 

The problem to addressed could be information management related, data processing related Internet/Web applications or development tool, frameworks. 
 
## Problem solving and algorithms

Briefly describe the major computing problem need to solve in your project. 

1. Application data collection, representation and storage. You are allowed to use existing thirty party for your project. You need to refer the data source. 
2. Algorithms to solve the computing problems for information or models.  

## System Design

Design tic tac to
- Python to make the computer player (Easy:greedy Medium:greedy(or minimax) Hard: minimax)
- Two People on the same site (two player mode)
- UI
- Chat for players

1. System design of your solutions as a multi-tier Internet/web application.
   The design of our web application consists of 
   
2. The architecture, better to use a diagram to illustrate the components and their relations. 
   
3. Tools to be used in the project, such as web server, CGI programming tool, databases, client side tools.
   - React: for dynamic display of the board and chat 
   - Websockets: for communication (sending actions and chat messages)
   - Database: for users(wins and loses)
   - AJAX for CGI components
   - Python for AI bot (Dave)

## Milestones & schedule

List of tasks/milestones/check points of your project with time schedule. For group project, it needs to provide the roles and tasks of each member.


| Task ID | Description   |  Due date | Lead   |  
| :----:  | :------------ | :-----:   | :------: |  
|  1      | Project research & team up | Day 5 of week 9 | N/A | 
|  2      | Project proposal | Day 1 of week 10 | N/A |
|  3      | Project check point  | date | N/A  |
|  4      | Project check point  | date  | N/A  |
|  5      | Project demonstration | Day 5 of week 12 | N/A  |
|  6      | Project submission | Day 5 of week 13 | N/A   |


## References

A list of references you read for your project, such as papers, articles, data sources. 

## Appendices

1. Check the project [readme.txt](readme.txt) for detailed requirements and evaluation. You need to describe and claim new features in your project, so it is good (not required) to mention some new features in the proposal. For example, you can introduce more security features such as password encryption and HTTPS for your application. You can test to deploy your application on Docker. 
        
2. You may use HTML elements and CSS for better presentation of your proposal. For example, this HTML document is generated by using [proposal_template.md](proposal_template.md) and  [proposal.css](proposal.css) and the following pandoc command   

~~~
pandoc  -s  -i proposal_template.md -o proposal_template.html --css=proposal.css
~~~

3. You can submit your proposal in PDF file format.
